The EtMDB API allows you to manage resources within the Database in a simple, programmatic way using HTTP requests. The endpoints are intuitive and powerful, allowing you to easily make calls to retrieve information or to execute actions directly accessing the database.
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 The API Documentation is created using Django Rest Framework and Swagger/OpenAPI method. All of the functionality that you are familiar with in the EtMDB website is also available through the API, allowing you to script the complex actions that your situation requires. The API documentation supports generating human-friendly HTML output for each resource when the HTML format is requested. These pages allow for easy browsing of resources, as well as forms for submitting data to the resources using the HTTP request methods. The API has two JSON or XML formatting.
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 EtMDB has many offerings for developers, but at its core, our API lets you do all the things that EtMDB users are able to in our mobile apps and websites. Be sure to read our Getting Started Guide before diving in below.
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 How can I access the API? You need to contact us or send us email to get beta access to our API.
                                                                                                 
                                                                                                 If you can't find your question answered on our FAQs, please send us mail at developers@etmdb.com